Kenia of course if you don't know please
John snow on Game of Thrones
it's a beloved character maybe the most
beloved character on the series and so
much so that there are and I've happened
upon these guys myself guys on the
internet who do impersonations of you
doing John snow and we have three of
them let's put them up on the wall of
America now now this is shaper they're
all very very good and they all have
taken their inspiration facial hair wise
from you as well so who we gonna start
with start with Shaffer
now Shaffer is going to be reading from
what Shaffer this is a ok
frosted flakes cereal box he's gonna be
reading has Jon Snow reading a box of
frosted flakes ok alright you're ready
for this
there we go alright let us have a
chipper did you know every Kellogg's
Frosted Flakes starts as a grade of corn
grown in a farmer's field where it's
nice and sunny then it takes just a few
simple steps to get to your bowl
ingredients net sugar barley malt
flavoring and salt may contain traces of
peanut
thank you safer all right next up we
have a Charlie Charlie you were up what
are you gonna be reading from from local
house listing here okay Charlie's not
too far away from us in Sherman Oaks
okay all right so this is a real estate
flier that's right all right very good
well alright impress kit here we go
white picket fences sure fruit trees and
the swing on the porch all greet you as
you enter into an open floor plan of
1,500 square feet family room features
feel to starlight perfect for movie
nights French doors lead to a backyard
perfect for bird-watching and watching
the squirrels and finally we have Steve
by Steve does a whole buncha alright so
Steve on YouTube he does a lot of
different get you a couple of the other
characters for us before yes do are
various yes do him first will you Steve
this is most refreshing to me that the
would be a Buddha Westerners does not
have that filthy appendage dangling is
that when you're planning a wedding it
is best to involve sander stark because
[Laughter]
[Applause]
I've been worrying about John snow for
years he always comes back alright let's
get through the big one John snow here
we go what are you gonna be reading from
Steve what of course no I'm seeing
beautiful hair despite all the filth out
there in the game of Thrones you know
that protein Ross makes hair bone damage
antennas formula with antioxidants
gentle reduces protein loss so a
stage-struck
body 24-hour gently cleans we see
real quick see we're gonna go through
the whole line here Steve you start give
us a winter is coming winter is coming
and shaffer winter is coming
[Applause]
[Music]
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel thanks for watching
if you'd like to see more click below to
subscribe to our YouTube channel and if
not do nothing at all
[Music]